detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a crime thriller film called
leon the professional
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in a restaurant in little italy two men
discuss a target
the man smoking a cigarette laid down a
photo of the man he once dead along with
the details on when he'll be in the city
the other one clad in black and wearing
circular sunglasses
says he'll take care of it he finishes
his glass of milk and leaves the
restaurant
in a hotel lobby mr jones walks up to
the elevator with a dozen or so
bodyguards covering him
he gets to the hotel room and meets with
a woman moments later
mr jones receives a call from one of his
men in the lobby
the man in black holds a gun to his face
he shoots him
alerting mr jones over the phone with
the sound of a gunshot
he calls up his men and tells them to
get ready the men take their positions
and begin to wait on the elevator as it
goes up the building
the elevator doors open and jones's men
start unloading on the figure that
appeared
after the haze of bullets and gun smoke
had dissipated they realized they were
just shooting at the corpse of one of
their men
jones's men retreat from the door and
make preparations to escape
one of his men investigates the elevator
but he finds nothing there
when he heard the sound of gunshots
going off he moves to the staircase
as he leaned forward on the rails the
man in black suddenly pulls on his tie
then tosses him over and he plummets to
his death the entire struggle was
witnessed by another one of jones's men
through the security cameras and he
starts searching for the assassin
just then a hatch from the ceiling pops
open and a noose comes down to strangle
the man to death
meanwhile mr jones tries to make his
escape with only three men left
he orders them to check the terrace they
follow his orders
leaving mr jones inside suddenly a metal
door drops down at the terrace entrance
mr jones starts feeling terrified for
his life even more so when he hears
gunshots from the terrorists
mr jones retreats further in the rooms
to take more guns and a telephone
desperate mr jones calls the police and
backs up into a closet
from the shadows leon the assassin
appears with a knife pointed at mr
jones's throat
even with a police officer on the line
mr jones is forced to hang the phone up
leon pulls out a piece of paper and
instructs mr jones to dial the number
written on it
when he does a man tells him to stay off
their territory and never come back
he reminds leon to make sure that jones
understands before letting
him go leon leaves and jones lives
another day
before going home leon drops by at the
store and buys two cartons of milk
on his way up the stairs he sees a
12-year-old girl smoking a cigarette
leon asks about the bruise on her cheek
and she makes up an excuse about falling
off her bike
as leon goes inside three men walk out
of the girl's apartment door
stan the ringleader faces the end of the
hallway listening to music while the
others talk with the girl's father
they mention a 10 discrepancy in the
batch of drugs which the girl's father
denies having any knowledge over
one of the men says that stan doesn't
like being disturbed while listening to
music but he'll have to disturb him if
he doesn't tell the truth
still the father insists that he didn't
take it causing stan to be interrupted
the boss looks over glaring menacingly
at the father
he bizarrely approaches him then sniffs
him before lovingly caressing him
finally stan says that of course he
didn't he simply asks him to find out
who did by noon tomorrow
the two men go downstairs leaving the
father terrified
leon watches the exchange from a hole
within his apartment door
the following day the girl matilda
passes by leon in the hallway again
leon hands her a napkin because her nose
was bleeding from when her sister hit
her that morning
when matilda asks leon if life was
always that hard leon says it is
matilda then offers to buy leon milk
when she goes to the grocery store
meanwhile at matilda's apartment stan
and his men return with more people and
guns
they bust open the apartment door and
kill matilda's family
when matilda returns she finds her
father dead on the floor with one of
stan's men by the door
she tries to keep calm and walks further
towards leon's door
having seen everything that happened
leon lets her in
back in her apartment one of stan's men
mackie notices their family photo and
when he realizes that there are three
kids
he immediately orders the men to search
for matilda but when stan and his goons
find the missing drugs
they leave the apartment matilda now
under the care of leon finds out that he
is a hitman
she tries to convince him to kill her
family's murderers but leon refuses
instead matilda suggests that he should
teach her how to be a hitman
he tries to decline at first but matilda
insists that he made her his
responsibility by saving her life
with that leon moves to a hotel to keep
her safe and he finally agrees to teach
her the basics
later on leon and matilda go to a
building rooftop to learn how to use the
rifle
he explains that beginners start with a
rifle because it's the weapon where
you'd be farthest from the client
leon shows matilda how to use the gun
and gives her a couple of pointers to
remember
they first practice by hitting people at
the park with a paint gun
he lets her choose any target but
reminds her no women no kids
matilda sets her sight on a man with a
bright tracksuit then takes her shot
it hits the man on the stomach and the
seven men around him react immediately
covering him with their guns out
surprised that matilda chose a big
weight by accident
leon decides that it's enough practice
for today
time passes with leon and matilda
growing accustomed to living together
leon trains matilda daily while she
helps out with daily chores
one day matilda complains that all they
do is train so she dresses up and
impersonates a few celebrities which
leon has to guess
as their bond grows leon starts feeling
parental towards matilda
later leon meets with his friend and
employer tony to ask for the money he's
been holding for him
since leon couldn't read before he let
tony handle his money without
questioning him
but things have changed now and leon
wants some of his money to help matilda
out
tony promises to give him his earnings
later than proceeds to tell him about a
new job
back at the hotel matilda tells leon she
might be falling in love with him
leon waves it off and leaves to do his
job meanwhile matilda decides to go out
as well
she goes to the lobby then gives the
receptionist a dull greeting
when the receptionist mistakes leon for
her father matilda decides to slyly drop
a bomb on him
saying that leon isn't her father he's
her lover she then abruptly leaves
matilda goes back to her old home where
her family was killed
she takes some of her things and a hefty
wad of cash hidden beneath the
floorboards
just then stan shows up along with a few
other police officers
matilda hides and listens to stan make
up a story about what happened there
she hails a cab detail stand to the dea
office where she discovers that stan is
a corrupt cop
later in their hotel room leon drops in
and presents matilda with a gift
he bought her a dress but matilda
ignores him just then
the receptionist along with other hotel
staff knocks on leon's door
because of what matilda told him the
hotel receptionist kicks them both out
forcing them to change their lodgings
again leon is mad at matilda now but she
only takes out her 20
grand then gives him stan's name and
location leon refuses and tries to
convince matilda to let go of her
vendetta but she says that she couldn't
do that
not after what they did to her family at
a restaurant
leon introduces matilda to tony and
tells him that she is his new partner
tony is weirded out at first but decides
to go along with it
he assigns a new job to leon and this
time it's a job for him and matilda to
do together
their target is just one man in a loan
apartment the two arrive at the man's
front door and leon uses a piece of gum
to cover the peeping hole
he then shows matilda how to locate the
chain before telling her to convince the
man to come out
the moment the door opens leon cuts the
chain and breaks in
he inserts his gun's barrel into the
man's mouth and tells him that if it
leaves his mouth
he shoots while leon takes care of the
man matilda spots a bunch of drugs
sitting on a table
leon directs the man against a window
then tells matilda to get her gun out
and assemble it
letting her shoot him with a paintball
the man is left terrified and confused
as he watches leon teaching the child
leon then tells matilda that she has to
make two shots the first to disorient
the person and the second to kill
he tells her to put the gun away as he
shoots the man dead himself
with their first job done the two
celebrate and go for dinner at a
restaurant
leonid and matilda continue to do
several more jobs together using the
same trick with the gum
in one such job their client anticipated
their trick and began spraying a machine
gun at the front door
fortunately leon reacts just in time to
move matilda away from the reign of
bullets
he then shows matilda the ring trick
leon takes out a grenade and throws it
inside
killing the man with the machine gun
what's left of the grenade
was a pin in the shape of a ring with
how fleeting leon's dangerous life is
he later tells tony to give matilda his
money should anything ever happen to him
he goes back to the apartment to get his
gear then leaves to do a job
telling matilda that he needs time alone
matilda goes out on her own and stalks
stand back in the dea office
she manages to slip inside and follow
him into a bathroom
matilda inspects the area only to find
that she's alone
suddenly the bathroom door closes and
stan appears from behind the door
he intimidates matilda trying to figure
out who she's working for
then realizes that she has a vendetta
against him he maliciously tells her
that he takes no joy in taking life from
those who don't want to live
stan asks her if she wants to live and
when matilda says that she does
stan poises to kill her before he could
one of his men enters and reports that
mackie is dead
maggie was making a deal with some
chinese drug dealers when a professional
killer suddenly moved in and took
everyone out but before he did
the killer said no women no kids matilda
instantly identifies the killer as leon
who seemed to have changed his mind and
decided to get rid of the people who
killed matilda's family
when stan hears this he leaves and
orders his men to take matilda to his
office
meanwhile leon returns to their hotel
room only to find matilda gone with a
note saying she left to kill stan in the
dea office
leon rushes out to go after her at the
office matilda is being guarded by two
of stan's men they inspect her things
and find several firearms and even some
pizza
just then the um barges annan
immediately shoots the two guards down
with matilda freed the two quickly
returned to their hotel room
matilda tries to seduce leon wearing the
dress that he gave her but leon
of course doesn't fall for it knowing it
might offend her if he told her she's
too young
he ends up telling his story instead he
fell in love a long time ago when he was
young
the girl's father wanted to keep them
apart but his daughter snuck out to meet
with leon
anyway one night the father shot his own
daughter and got jail time for two days
on the third day the father got out and
leon waited for him to kill him
after committing the crime leon went on
a boat to the states to meet with his
own father who was working with tony
after finishing his story leon explains
that he wouldn't be a good lover for her
finally matilda lets it go on the
condition that leon sleeps on the bed
with her since he's always sleeping on a
chair
the following day leon wakes up alarmed
he isn't used to letting his guard down
after all matilda calms him down then
gets ready to leave for groceries
before she goes leon asks her about
their door code to which matilda
answers with two knocks one knock then
two again
with matilda gone leon stays in bed
beginning to relax and enjoy himself
for once after shopping matilda makes
her way back to the hotel only to be
taken by several swat team members
they're armed to the teeth and with
every intention of sending leon to his
death
they asked matilda if leon is alone they
then ask her if she has the keys to
their door
and if they have a secret code despite
how dear the situation is matilda
manages to show them the wrong code to
give leon a warning
once there the cops break the door down
to move inside the hotel room
leon has propped himself up the ceiling
then shut the door trapping and killing
several men without ever being seen
afterward the swat team sends in another
handful of man and leon successfully
ambushes them
he hangs from above shooting down the
man in the hallway until leon eventually
gets hit on the shoulder
with at least a dozen men dead stan
calls in everyone in the force
the remaining swat members are hiding in
the corner and they peek over to check
for their target
leon manages to take one of them hostage
then starts demanding to get matilda
back
when leon gets matilda back they retreat
to their hotel room but not without
shooting the water pipe above the
ceiling
obscuring the men's vision leon leaves
the swat hostage by the door
underneath the cover of the gushing
water when the door closes
the swap members rain down bullets on
the door even killing one of their own
men
leona and matilda take cover from the
snipers at the window
then make their way into the bathroom
leon uses an axe to break open a hole in
a ventilator shaft
then pushes matilda in when matilda
realizes that leon won't fit
she grows frantic she cries about not
wanting to leave without him without not
wanting to lose him
leon holds matilda close cupping her
cheeks and embracing her
he tells her that he wants to live and
promises her that when all this is over
he'll leave with her and it'll be just
the two of them leon tells matilda that
he loves her and she says that she loves
him too
calmer now matilda proceeds down the
ventilator
knowing that he might never see matilda
again leon lets out a scream
at that moment the swat team shoots a
missile into leon's apartment
after the smoke had cleared out the swat
team enters the apartment
suddenly leon is dressed in swat uniform
and raises his hand
pretending to be one of them the men
call out to help leon and carry him out
of the building
there were over 200 swat members between
the apartment and the building exit
leon sits down for a bit and lets the
medical team examine him
once the medic left leon makes his
escape stan catches sight of him leaving
so he immediately follows
now outside the building leon finds an
underpass to slip into but before he
could truly escape stan shoots him from
the back
knowing he won't live through this leon
pulls the ring trick
he handstand the ring from the grenade
pin and tells him that it's from matilda
he then opens up leon's vest and finds
half a dozen grenades
the explosion kills both leon and stan
later on
matilda goes to take leon's money from
tony despite his promise
tony refuses claiming that matilda's too
young for that amount of money
he refuses to give her a job too with
just a couple thousand dollars to her
name
matilda leaves and returns to her former
school the headmistress speaks with
matilda and tells her she'll do her best
to help her
matilda goes out to the boarding
school's yard and plants leon's beloved
plant underneath a large tree i think
we'll be okay here
leon she says to herself subscribe to
watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching
[Music]